Tooltips don't keep being displayed upon hovering out after a click (#1944)
iTwin/iTwinUI: .changeset/famous-hats-shout.md

---

> "@itwin/itwinui-react": minor

Reviewer: Should be patch?

Author: I thought it should be `minor` since when the tooltip is shown has changed. But I can rephrase the changeset message to be like a `fix` if we feel this PR is more of a bug fix than a change in the behavior.

Reviewer: Yeah I think this is more of a small bug fix.

`minor` should be used for new features, API changes, and larger refactorings (like the Table scroll container change in #1891).

Author: Sounds good, changed to `patch`. Also reworded the message to be a patch changeset. (https://github.com/iTwin/iTwinUI/pull/1944/commits/a820fcf0bd927129a8d627e9901a0780cd6279cf)

---

> `Tooltip`s no longer displayed upon hovering out of the reference element after clicking it. Components that use `Tooltip` internally are also affected. (E.g.`IconButton`, `SideNavigation`, etc.)

Author: Just wanted to confirm before merging this, should the changeset mention that clicks no longer trigger the tooltip, or that clicking a trigger once now dismisses the tooltip and cannot be toggled again until re-hovered? But not sure if it will still remain a patch then.

Reviewer: You can phrase it like this:

```suggestion
Fixed an issue where `Tooltip` would stay open after clicking on the trigger element. The tooltip will now be correctly dismissed upon click.

Also affects other components that use tooltips internally: `IconButton`, `SideNavigation`, etc.
```
